docs: playground refactor and screenshots (#11639)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Flows/concepts-playground.mdx

## Run a flow in the Playground

To run a flow in the **Playground**, open the flow, and then click <Icon name="PanelRightOpen" aria-hidden="true"/> **Playground**.
Then, if your flow has a [**Chat Input** component](/chat-input-and-output), enter a prompt or [use voice mode](/concepts-voice-mode) to trigger the flow and start a chat session.

> In Langflow 1.8, the **Playground** appears on the right side of the visual builder. The full screen option is still available by clicking the <Icon name="Fullscreen" aria-hidden="true"/> **Fullscreen** icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expand the **Playground** view, click <Icon name="Fullscreen" aria-hidden="true"/> **Fullscreen** within the **Playground** panel.
```

![Playground on the right side](/img/playground-right-bar.png)

:::tip
If there is no message input field in the **Playground**, make sure your flow has a **Chat Input** component that is connected, directly or indirectly, to the **Input** port of a **Language Model** or **Agent** component.

> 

Author: Follow on in this commit https://github.com/langflow-ai/langflow/pull/11295/changes/484531b716b67760236cef7f35bf7551e7665515
